Legal •
Spotify Developer Terms
Spotify Developer Terms
Version 10, effective as of 15 May, 2025

Introduction
Hello and welcome to the Spotify Developer Terms (the "Developer Terms")!

Please read these terms carefully before using our developer platform.

Principles
When reviewing our Developer Terms, please keep in mind these two principles:

Our users are very important to us. Let’s work together to give them tools to access, discover, manage, and share content. While doing so, please respect their data and privacy settings.
We work hard to make sure that all of the content on Spotify is fully licensed so that we can compensate the people who have made it. And we have an obligation and a responsibility to make sure that this is reflected in what we support (or don’t) on our platform.
Section I Acceptance of Terms
Components of the Agreement. The Developer Agreement (the “Developer Agreement”) is comprised of the following:
these Developer Terms, including the Data Protection Appendix and the Developer Policy;
our Terms and Conditions of Use;
our Branding Guidelines; and
the Documentation.
Precedence. If there is an irreconcilable conflict between these Developer Terms and any other document(s) comprising the Developer Agreement, these Developer Terms shall govern. Please note that if you use any of the Spotify Widget (defined below), you will be bound by the separate Spotify Widget Terms.
Acceptance of Developer Agreement. We invite you to review, download and use our Spotify Platform. Please note that this invitation is subject to your review of and agreement with the Developer Agreement. You are not required to agree to the Developer Agreement. However, if you reject the Developer Agreement, you do not have any right to use the Spotify Platform. If you use or otherwise access the Spotify Platform, you will be deemed to have accepted the Developer Agreement and entered into a legally binding contract with Spotify AB (“Spotify”, “we”, and sometimes “us”). You may not use the Spotify Platform for any purpose that is not expressly authorized in the Developer Agreement.
Acceptance on Behalf of an Organization. If you are developing on behalf of an organization, you agree to the terms of the Developer Agreement for that organization and promise that you have authority to bind that organization and its parents, subsidiaries, and sister companies to the Developer Agreement. In that case, “you” and “your” will refer to that organization, its parents, subsidiaries, and sister companies.